Update readme and contribution guidelines (#408)
Esri/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet: README.md

[![Link: Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-633b9b?style=flat-square)](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/)
[![Link: Tutorials](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tutorials-633b9b?style=flat-square)](https://developers.arcgis.com/documentation/mapping-apis-and-services/tutorials/)
[![Link: Samples](https://img.shields.io/badge/Samples-633b9b?style=flat-square)](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/wpf/sample-code/)
[![Link: Demos](https://img.shields.io/badge/Demos-633b9b?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-runtime-demos-dotnet)
![Badge: Toolkit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Toolkit-black?style=flat-square)
[![Link: Templates](https://img.shields.io/badge/Templates-633b9b?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudio&labelColor=gray)](https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-runtime-templates-dotnet)
[![Link: NuGet](https://img.shields.io/badge/NuGet-633b9b?style=flat-square&logo=nuget&labelColor=gray)](https://www.nuget.org/profiles/Esri_Inc)
[![Link: Esri Community](https://img.shields.io/badge/🙋-Get%20help%20in%20Esri%20Community-633b9b?style=flat-square)](https://community.esri.com/t5/arcgis-runtime-sdk-for-net/bd-p/arcgis-runtime-sdk-dotnet-questions)

> 

Reviewer: Love the badges 👏

# ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET - Toolkit

> The ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET Toolkit contains controls and components you can use to accelerate your development with [ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET Toolkit contains controls and components to accelerate your development with [ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/).
```

[![Link: Toolkit API Reference (landing page)](https://img.shields.io/badge/Toolkit%20API%20Reference:-fff?style=flat-square)](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/api/index.html)
[![Link: Toolkit API Reference - Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xamarin.Android-3ddc84?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=android)](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/api/android/index.html)
[![Link: Toolkit API Reference - iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xamarin.iOS-black?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=ios)](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/api/ios/index.html)
[![Link: Toolkit API Reference - Forms](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xamarin.Forms-3498db?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=Xamarin)](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/api/netstd/index.html)
[![Link: Toolkit API Reference - WPF](https://img.shields.io/badge/WPF-0078d6?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=windowsxp)](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/api/netfx/index.html)
[![Link: Toolkit API Reference - UWP](https://img.shields.io/badge/UWP-0078d6?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=windows)](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/api/uwp/index.html)

> | <img width="150" alt="Basemap Gallery" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29742178/124198151-f2dc6380-da84-11eb-8e78-4e705d14c33d.png" /> | <img alt="Search View" width="150" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29742178/142301018-4bbeb0f2-3021-49a7-b5ec-f642c5700bd0.png" /> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29742178/121975740-34f07000-cd37-11eb-9162-462925cb3fe7.png" width="150" alt="Overview Map" /> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1378165/73389924-011fc200-428a-11ea-91bf-4ea1c2bf6683.png" width="105" alt="Legend" /> |

Reviewer: A `title` attribute would be good to show the component name when mousing over an image (same text as `alt`?).
```suggestion
| <img width="150" alt="Basemap Gallery" title="Basemap Gallery" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29742178/124198151-f2dc6380-da84-11eb-8e78-4e705d14c33d.png" /> | <img alt="Search View" title="Search View" width="150" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29742178/142301018-4bbeb0f2-3021-49a7-b5ec-f642c5700bd0.png" /> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29742178/121975740-34f07000-cd37-11eb-9162-462925cb3fe7.png" width="150" alt="Overview Map" title="Overview Map"/> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1378165/73389924-011fc200-428a-11ea-91bf-4ea1c2bf6683.png" width="105" alt="Legend" title="Legend"/> |
```

| --- | ---- | ---- | ---- |

## Features

|Component |UWP  |WPF  |Xamarin.Android  |Xamarin.iOS  |Xamarin.Forms |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|[ARSceneView](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/ar.html)   | N/A | N/A | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |
|[BasemapGallery](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/basemap-gallery.html) | ✔ | ✔ | ❌ | ❌ | ✔ |
|[BookmarksView](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/bookmarks-view.html)   | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |

> |Compass   | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |

Reviewer: Can we add doc links to all components in the table?

Author: I would like to, but unfortunately we don't have guide doc for most components. I've been back filling doc as I have time.

|SignInForm   |   | Preview |   |   |   |
|SymbolDisplay   | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |
|TableOfContents   | N/A | Preview | N/A  | N/A | N/A |
|[TimeSlider](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/time-slider.html)   | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |

## Get started

The simplest way to get started is to add the NuGet package(s) to your projects:

[![Link: Toolkit NuGet - base package](https://img.shields.io/badge/Toolkit-007ac2?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=nuget)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Toolkit/)
[![Link: Toolkit NuGet - Xamarin.Forms](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xamarin.Forms%20Toolkit-007ac2?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=nuget)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Toolkit.Xamarin.Forms/)
[![Link: Toolkit NuGet - AR](https://img.shields.io/badge/Augmented%20Reality%20Toolkit-007ac2?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=nuget)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Esri.ArcGISRuntime.ARToolkit/)
[![Link: Toolkit NuGet - Forms AR](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xamarin.Forms%20Augmented%20Reality%20Toolkit-007ac2?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=nuget)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Esri.ArcGISRuntime.ARToolkit.Forms/)

## Customize

> Toolkit is provided as an open source project to enable you to customize for your requirements. [See the docs](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/buildingtoolkit.html) for instructions on building the Toolkit yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ArcGIS Runtime SDK Toolkit is provided as an open-source project so you can customize it for your requirements. [See the docs](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/buildingtoolkit.html) for instructions on building the Toolkit yourself.
```

[![Link: Samples](https://img.shields.io/badge/Samples-633b9b?style=flat-square)](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/wpf/sample-code/)
[![Link: Demos](https://img.shields.io/badge/Demos-633b9b?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-runtime-demos-dotnet)
![Badge: Toolkit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Toolkit-black?style=flat-square)
[![Link: Templates](https://img.shields.io/badge/Templates-633b9b?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudio&labelColor=gray)](https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-runtime-templates-dotnet)
[![Link: NuGet](https://img.shields.io/badge/NuGet-633b9b?style=flat-square&logo=nuget&labelColor=gray)](https://www.nuget.org/profiles/Esri_Inc)
[![Link: Esri Community](https://img.shields.io/badge/🙋-Get%20help%20in%20Esri%20Community-633b9b?style=flat-square)](https://community.esri.com/t5/arcgis-runtime-sdk-for-net/bd-p/arcgis-runtime-sdk-dotnet-questions)

# ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET - Toolkit

The ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET Toolkit contains controls and components to accelerate your development with [ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/).

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Documentation

```

[![Link: Toolkit API Reference (landing page)](https://img.shields.io/badge/Toolkit%20API%20Reference:-fff?style=flat-square)](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/api/index.html)
[![Link: Toolkit API Reference - Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xamarin.Android-3ddc84?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=android)](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/api/android/index.html)
[![Link: Toolkit API Reference - iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xamarin.iOS-black?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=ios)](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/api/ios/index.html)
[![Link: Toolkit API Reference - Forms](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xamarin.Forms-3498db?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=Xamarin)](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/api/netstd/index.html)
[![Link: Toolkit API Reference - WPF](https://img.shields.io/badge/WPF-0078d6?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=windowsxp)](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/api/netfx/index.html)
[![Link: Toolkit API Reference - UWP](https://img.shields.io/badge/UWP-0078d6?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=windows)](https://esri.github.io/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet/api/uwp/index.html)

> <table aria-hidden="true">

Reviewer 2: Consider moving the screenshots to the Features section?

<tr>
<td>
<img width="150" title="Basemap Gallery" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29742178/124198151-f2dc6380-da84-11eb-8e78-4e705d14c33d.png" />
</td>
<td>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29742178/121975740-34f07000-cd37-11eb-9162-462925cb3fe7.png" width="150" title="Overview Map" />
</td>
<td>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1378165/73389924-011fc200-428a-11ea-91bf-4ea1c2bf6683.png" width="105" title="Legend" />
</td>
<td>
<img title="Search View" width="150" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29742178/142301018-4bbeb0f2-3021-49a7-b5ec-f642c5700bd0.png" />
</td>
</tr>
</table>

## Features

> 

Reviewer 2: How about moving the feature availability table to a separate section in the readme (or even a different doc) and instead include some brief doc about the features, including screenshots?
